Add Devops Pairing Account docs (#509)
madetech/handbook: guides/cloud/aws_sandbox.md

## Overview

> The Made Tech AWS Sandbox accounts are primaraly used for individuals personal development and testing. We run [AWS SSO](https://aws.amazon.com/single-sign-on/) to simplify and secure the IAM aspect of accessing this account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Made Tech AWS Sandbox accounts are primarily used for individuals' personal development and testing. We run [AWS SSO](https://aws.amazon.com/single-sign-on/) to simplify and secure the IAM aspect of accessing this account.
```

 3. Test with `aws-vault exec madesso -- aws sts get-caller-identity`
 4. This pops open a browser where you need to login to create a session.
 5. Run any CLI based command in the same way e.g `aws-vault exec madesso -- terraform apply`

# Devops Pairing Interviews Account
This is a seperate account for use in devops pairing exersises. 

> This accout diffrers in two ways from the main sandbox:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This account differs in two ways from the main sandbox:
```

- It allows the creation of iam users. 

> - It **deletes all resouces inside it every day!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It **deletes all resources inside it every day!**
```

## Access

> Only employes that are conductiong devops pairing interviews will be given acess

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only employees that are conducting devops pairing interviews will be given access
```

> 1. Request you user account to be added to the `DevopsPairingInterviewer` group in the #cop-cloud Slack channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Request your user account to be added to the `DevopsPairingInterviewer` group in the #cop-cloud Slack channel.
```

# Adding new users
- Login to sso https://madetech.awsapps.com/start#/
- Click on: `aws account` > `Made Tech` > `Management console`
- Now go to console.aws.amazon.com/singlesignon 
- On the left nav bar click `users` > `add user`

> - Fill in there deatils (use the part before the @ in there email as username)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fill in their details (use the part before the @ in their email as username)
```

- Add them to the "SandboxAdmin" group

> - They shoud now get a email invite to join (valid for the next 7 days)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- They should now get a email invite to join (valid for the next 7 days)
```
